README.md, before:

## Seabass
<p><a href="https://www.twitter.com/seabassphd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" height=25></a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sebastianlopez-marcano/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" height=25></a>

I am a data scientist at Griffith University developing computer vision solutions for AgTech, conservation and education. I manage and develop code for [FishID](https://ardc.edu.au/project/fishid/), a smart conservation tool that detects and identifies animals in underwater imagery. I specialise in the translation of raw occurrence data to understand animal behaviour and inform conservation and management. 

> 🚀 Check out [my tracking method](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/automated-fish-tracking) which was a top cited article during 2021-2022 in Ecology and Evolution! 🚀

💡 *= updated in the last month*

**👨🏽‍💻Data analytics**
- R: [Automated predator-prey analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/live-play-together-fishid) 💡
- R + Py: [Statistics for automated behaviour analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/sem-for-automated-animal-behaviour) 
- R + Py: [Misc automated processing](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/Dump)
- R: [Computer vision camera resolution experiments](https://www.notion.so/glowfishid/Influence-of-image-resolution-on-deep-learning-models-940a4a0971df4e22abe93eec9ec31568?pvs=4)
- R: [The slow rise of tech in fish ecology](https://doi.org/10.1002/aqc.3432)
- Py: [Youtube and text processing](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/gmm_gut_check_analysis)💡
- R: [Fish consumer analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/fish-consumer)💡
- R: FishID R Package
- Py: Video management and movie building

**🧠Computer vision and AI**
- R + Py: [Automated detection and tracking of fish](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/automated-fish-tracking)
- R: [Automated predator-prey analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/live-play-together-fishid)💡
- R + Py: Artificial oyster and coral reef AI + Salmon AI
- Py: Automated model evaluations

**📍GIS**
- ArcGIS + R: [Global mangrove forest models](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.biocon.2020.108637)
- ArcGIS + R: [IUCN mangrove assessment](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.biocon.2020.108751)
- ArcGIS + R: [IUCN wetland assessment](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolind.2020.106489)
- ArcGIS + R: [Marine megafauna SDMs and biodiversity heatmaps](https://www.cell.com/trends/ecology-evolution/fulltext/S0169-5347(19)30109-0?_returnURL=https%3A%2F%2Flinkinghub.elsevier.com%2Fretrieve%2Fpii%2FS0169534719301090%3Fshowall%3Dtrue)
- R: [Atlas of Living Australia mapping](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/ala-mapping)

**🛫Drones and Photogrammetry**
- Photoscan + R + MatLab: [Drone photogrammetry, topography, and foraging ecology of crabs](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/3d-reconstruction-sandgate-10050-c6a7e392213b450aac895cde2666c278)
- R: Drone salmon AI

**🗺️Species distribution models**
- R: [SDM sampling bias skinks](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/skinks-occurrences)💡
- ArcGIS + R: [Marine megafauna SDMs and biodiversity heatmaps](https://www.cell.com/trends/ecology-evolution/fulltext/S0169-5347(19)30109-0?_returnURL=https%3A%2F%2Flinkinghub.elsevier.com%2Fretrieve%2Fpii%2FS0169534719301090%3Fshowall%3Dtrue)

**📈Business and project management**
- Py: [FishID Budgeting app](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/fishid-budgeting)

**📀Database Admin**
- SQL: [2016 -2018: Global Reef Record DB Admin and GIS](https://espace.library.uq.edu.au/view/UQ:734799)

Commit message:

dataset addition to CV and AI

README.md, after:

## Seabass
<p><a href="https://www.twitter.com/seabassphd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=twitter&logoColor=white" height=25></a> <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/sebastianlopez-marcano/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" height=25></a>

I am a data scientist at Griffith University developing computer vision solutions for AgTech, conservation and education. I manage and develop code for [FishID](https://ardc.edu.au/project/fishid/), a smart conservation tool that detects and identifies animals in underwater imagery. I specialise in the translation of raw occurrence data to understand animal behaviour and inform conservation and management. 

> 🚀 Check out [my tracking method](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/automated-fish-tracking) which was a top cited article during 2021-2022 in Ecology and Evolution! 🚀

💡 *= updated in the last month*

**👨🏽‍💻Data analytics**
- R: [Automated predator-prey analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/live-play-together-fishid) 💡
- R + Py: [Statistics for automated behaviour analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/sem-for-automated-animal-behaviour) 
- R + Py: [Misc automated processing](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/Dump)
- R: [Computer vision camera resolution experiments](https://www.notion.so/glowfishid/Influence-of-image-resolution-on-deep-learning-models-940a4a0971df4e22abe93eec9ec31568?pvs=4)
- R: [The slow rise of tech in fish ecology](https://doi.org/10.1002/aqc.3432)
- Py: [Youtube and text processing](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/gmm_gut_check_analysis)💡
- R: [Fish consumer analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/fish-consumer)💡
- R: FishID R Package
- Py: Video management and movie building

**🧠Computer vision and AI**
- R + Py: [Automated detection and tracking of fish](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/automated-fish-tracking)
- R: [Automated predator-prey analysis](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/live-play-together-fishid)💡
- R + Py: Artificial oyster and coral reef AI + Salmon AI
- Py: Automated model evaluations
- SQL + Py: [Dataset for fish detection in low visibility conditions](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/dataset-fish-detection-low-visibility)

**📍GIS**
- ArcGIS + R: [Global mangrove forest models](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.biocon.2020.108637)
- ArcGIS + R: [IUCN mangrove assessment](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.biocon.2020.108751)
- ArcGIS + R: [IUCN wetland assessment](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.ecolind.2020.106489)
- ArcGIS + R: [Marine megafauna SDMs and biodiversity heatmaps](https://www.cell.com/trends/ecology-evolution/fulltext/S0169-5347(19)30109-0?_returnURL=https%3A%2F%2Flinkinghub.elsevier.com%2Fretrieve%2Fpii%2FS0169534719301090%3Fshowall%3Dtrue)
- R: [Atlas of Living Australia mapping](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/ala-mapping)

**🛫Drones and Photogrammetry**
- Photoscan + R + MatLab: [Drone photogrammetry, topography, and foraging ecology of crabs](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/3d-reconstruction-sandgate-10050-c6a7e392213b450aac895cde2666c278)
- R: Drone salmon AI

**🗺️Species distribution models**
- R: [SDM sampling bias skinks](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/skinks-occurrences)💡
- ArcGIS + R: [Marine megafauna SDMs and biodiversity heatmaps](https://www.cell.com/trends/ecology-evolution/fulltext/S0169-5347(19)30109-0?_returnURL=https%3A%2F%2Flinkinghub.elsevier.com%2Fretrieve%2Fpii%2FS0169534719301090%3Fshowall%3Dtrue)

**📈Business and project management**
- Py: [FishID Budgeting app](https://github.com/slopezmarcano/fishid-budgeting)

**📀Database Admin**
- SQL: [2016 -2018: Global Reef Record DB Admin and GIS](https://espace.library.uq.edu.au/view/UQ:734799)
